README.md, before:

# Env_Set

# Environment Setup Assignment

#Dart & Flutter

1. What is the first step for installing Dart on a Windows machine?

A) Install Homebrew
B) Download the Dart SDK
C) Update your PATH
D) Run Dart Doctor


2. Which command verifies the Dart installation on macOS?

A) dart --install
B) dart --check
C) dart --verify
D) dart --version


3. What is the next step after downloading and extracting the Flutter SDK on Linux?

A) Install Homebrew
B) Update your PATH
C) Run Flutter Doctor
D) Create a new Flutter project


4. What command is used to run a newly created Flutter app?

A) flutter start
B) flutter build
C) flutter run
D) flutter init


#Python Installation

What is the first step to install Python on a Windows system?

A) Run the installer without any customization
B) Download Python from the official website
C) Open the terminal and type sudo apt install python
D) Install pip manually

Which option should you ensure is checked during Python installation on Windows?

A) Install with default settings
B) Install to a custom directory
C) Add Python to PATH
D) Install all available features

How do you verify Python installation on any system?

A) By running python --version
B) By restarting your computer
C) By opening the Python installer again
D) By checking the Programs and Features in Control Panel

What command is used to install pip on macOS and Linux?

A) sudo install pip
B) pip install python
C) curl https://bootstrap.pypa.io/get-pip.py -o get-pip.py
D) python --install pip

What is the purpose of a virtual environment in Python?

A) To keep your projects organized in one folder
B) To install Python in a different directory
C) To separate project dependencies and avoid conflicts
D) To enhance Python performance on your system

#MySQL Installation

What is the first step to install MySQL on Windows?

A) Download MySQL Shell
B) Download MySQL Installer from the official website
C) Install MySQL Workbench
D) Set up a root password

What setup type should you choose for a custom MySQL installation?

A) Developer Default
B) Server Only
C) Full
D) Custom

Which products should you select during the MySQL installation?

A) MySQL Server, MySQL Workbench, and MySQL Shell
B) Only MySQL Server
C) MySQL Server and MySQL Router
D) MySQL Workbench and MySQL Utilities

What is the purpose of setting a root password during MySQL installation?

A) To create a user account for your MySQL server
B) To secure your MySQL installation with a super-secret password
C) To activate MySQL Workbench
D) To allow multiple users to access MySQL

How do you begin managing your database after installing MySQL?

A) Start by installing additional plugins
B) Launch MySQL Workbench and connect to your MySQL Server
C) Run mysqladmin start in the terminal
D) Restart your computer to activate MySQL

Commit message:

Update README.md day 3
done with assignment 3

README.md, after:

# Env_Set

# Environment Setup Assignment

#Dart & Flutter

1. What is the first step for installing Dart on a Windows machine? **Download the Dart SDK**

A) Install Homebrew
B) Download the Dart SDK
C) Update your PATH
D) Run Dart Doctor


2. Which command verifies the Dart installation on macOS? **dart --version**

A) dart --install
B) dart --check
C) dart --verify
D) dart --version


3. What is the next step after downloading and extracting the Flutter SDK on Linux?**update your path**

A) Install Homebrew
B) Update your PATH
C) Run Flutter Doctor
D) Create a new Flutter project


4. What command is used to run a newly created Flutter app?** flutter run**

A) flutter start
B) flutter build
C) flutter run
D) flutter init


#Python Installation

What is the first step to install Python on a Windows system?** download python from the official website**

A) Run the installer without any customization
B) Download Python from the official website
C) Open the terminal and type sudo apt install python
D) Install pip manually

Which option should you ensure is checked during Python installation on Windows?**add python to path**

A) Install with default settings
B) Install to a custom directory
C) Add Python to PATH
D) Install all available features

How do you verify Python installation on any system? **by running python --version**

A) By running python --version
B) By restarting your computer
C) By opening the Python installer again
D) By checking the Programs and Features in Control Panel

What command is used to install pip on macOS and Linux? **curl https://bootstrap.pypa.io/get-pip.py -o get-pip.py**

A) sudo install pip
B) pip install python
C) curl https://bootstrap.pypa.io/get-pip.py -o get-pip.py
D) python --install pip

What is the purpose of a virtual environment in Python? **to separate project dependancies and avoid conflicts**

A) To keep your projects organized in one folder
B) To install Python in a different directory
C) To separate project dependencies and avoid conflicts
D) To enhance Python performance on your system

#MySQL Installation

What is the first step to install MySQL on Windows? ** download MYSQL installer from the official website**

A) Download MySQL Shell
B) Download MySQL Installer from the official website
C) Install MySQL Workbench
D) Set up a root password

What setup type should you choose for a custom MySQL installation? ** custom**

A) Developer Default
B) Server Only
C) Full
D) Custom

Which products should you select during the MySQL installation? **MYSQL server ,MYSQL workbench and MYSQL shell**

A) MySQL Server, MySQL Workbench, and MySQL Shell
B) Only MySQL Server
C) MySQL Server and MySQL Router
D) MySQL Workbench and MySQL Utilities

What is the purpose of setting a root password during MySQL installation? ** to secure your MYSQL installations with a super-secret password*

A) To create a user account for your MySQL server
B) To secure your MySQL installation with a super-secret password
C) To activate MySQL Workbench
D) To allow multiple users to access MySQL

How do you begin managing your database after installing MySQL? **launch MYSQL workbench and connect to your MYSQL server**

A) Start by installing additional plugins
B) Launch MySQL Workbench and connect to your MySQL Server
C) Run mysqladmin start in the terminal
D) Restart your computer to activate MySQL
